Inline Aura displays aura information directly inside action buttons. It is heavily inspired from two addons writen by Tuller: OmniCC and the former Buff module of Dominos.

h2. Features

* color the button border depending on aura type and caster:
** buff cast by the player: green border,
** buff cast by other players: cyan border,
** debuff cast by the player: red border,
** debuff cast by other players: yellow border.
* use Blizzard animated glow for talent procs.
* display aura remaining time as a countdown inside the action button, à la OmniCC or along the bottom side if OmniCC is used,
* display aura application time in the bottom-right corner,
* display additional useful information: holy power, soul shards, eclipse energy and combo points.
* mimics built-in target selection, taking into account spell type (helpful/harmfull) and self/focus key modifiers as well as the auto self cast setting.
* support macro targets, though it is restricted to "@target", "@player", "@pet", "@focus" and "@mouseover". For performance reasons, "@mouseover" support is disabled by default ; enable it if you really use it.

h2. Other addon support

* support default Blizzard action bars, Dominos and any action bar addon using built-in Blizzard code.
* support Bartender4 and any action bar addon using LibActionButton-1.0.
* support (Lib)ButtonFacade.
* compatible with OmniCC, CooldownCount and tullaCC.

h2. Configuration

* graphical configuration through Blizzard addon options. Use "/inlineaura" to open it directly.
* optional spell specific configuration.
* helpful defaults for most classes ; if you don't like them, just disable the "InlineAura_Defaults" addon.

h3. Known issues and limitations

* Inline Aura does not work with non-standard action buttons, like those created by Macaroon.
* Inline Aura uses spell names instead of numerical spell IDs since not all Blizzard API works with spell IDs. Sometimes it may detect the wrong spell. 
* Inline Aura cannot display different (de)buffs with different settings (e.g. different highlight effect or text position) in the same button.
* Moreover all buttons use the same text position settings.
* Inline Aura may have issue with some ButtonFacade/Masque skins. This depends on the skins and there is no way to fix them in Inline Aura.
* Inline Aura has a limited support of ElvUI buttons.
* They have been a lot of reports about *Blocked Addon messages*, please take a look at "ticket #286":http://www.wowace.com/addons/inline-aura/tickets/286-addon_action_blocked-protected-function/.
* *If Inline Aura seems to cause a big FPS loss*, please install an error-handler addon (see below).

h2. Suggestions and feedback

There is a "forum thread":http://forums.wowace.com/showthread.php?t=15753 for discussion ; please use the ticket system for bug reports (see below). You can help "localizing the configuration interface":http://www.wowace.com/addons/inline-aura/localization/. Your Curse account works on wowace.com.

Bug reports or suggestions can be submitted using the "WowAce ticket system":http://www.wowace.com/addons/inline-aura/tickets/. However, while doing so, please :
* Ensure you are using the latest available version of Inline Aura (including beta ones, available in the "Other downloads":http://www.curse.com/addons/wow/inline-aura#t1:other-downloads tab). If you are using an old version, update it to check if your problem has been fixed.
* Check that your issue is not listed in the "Known issues and limitations" section above.
* Use some kind of error handler: you can enable built-in Lua error display or install a error-handler addon, like the "BugGrabber":http://wow.curse.com/downloads/wow-addons/details/bug-grabber.aspx + "BugSack":http://wow.curse.com/downloads/wow-addons/details/bugsack.aspx couple, Swatter (shipped with any Norganna's addon) or "ImprovedErrorFrame":http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info4333-ImprovedErrorFrame.html. Join any error message related to Inline Aura in your bug report.
* Submit a proper description. "This is not working anymore. Fix it !" is *not* a proper description.

Any issue not respecting these conditions will be rejected without further notice.

h2. Acknowledgements

I would like to thanks Tuller for the original idea and Avitus, Contrebasse, Gaff3, Moozhe, brotherhobbes, Citlalin, Phanx, crymson, Thrael, FreakPsych, nulian and a lot of other people for testing and useful feedback.
